♪♪
Previously
on Young and Hungry...
In our last appointment,
we talked about you
letting Gabi start dating.
-How'd that go?
-I guess it went fine.
Sofia, I'm not
dating anymore.
Okay? I'm waiting
for Josh.
He's my one in a million.
A car skidded in the rain
and hit my dog.
-I am sorry, I have to get
to the animal hospital.
-I'll take you.
-How is he?
-He's gonna be just fine.
Oh, thank god!
(laughing)
Thank you so much
for being there for me.
Hi! How awesome is it
that I get to work
at the new,
fancy Soul Spin
that just opened up
across the street?
Now I get free lattes
all day long.
Oh, wow, they have
free lattes there?
Nope. Here, hit me!
Hello?
I'm sorry, I'm a little busy
doing my real job...
getting ready to tell Josh
I am no longer dating.
-I'm officially
waiting for him.
-(beeping)
What? Gabi,
that's a horrible idea.
He's the one
that told you
to start dating.
Oh, please, his lips said,
"You should date,"
but his cute little
puppy dog eyes said,
"Pwease wait!"
Yeah, you can wait,
but don't tell him
you're waiting.
It'll just freak him out
and put way too much
pressure on him.
No, that's ridiculous.
If anything, he'll feel
less pressure.
This way, he doesn't have to
worry about me meeting someone
and not being there
when he's ready.
This way, he can relax
in the warm security
of knowing
I'm standing right outside
of his door waiting.
Just waiting.
Yeah, men love that.
Gabi, remember that cute guy,
Max, that I met at Soul Spin?
-Mm-hmm.
-Well, he asked me out tonight,
and you wanna know why?
Because I didn't
pressure him.
When he asked me, I said,
"Cool," and just walked away.
Didn't even give him
my phone number.
How is he gonna text you
to tell you
what you're gonna do
or where
you're gonna meet?
Oh, crap, I gotta go!
Oh, my god!
You just won
the Australian award
for Digital Innovation
in Next Gen Optimization.
A D.I.N.G.O.!
Yeah, yeah, I know.
I got the email.
Why aren't you
more excited?
It's soops prestidge.
They want you
in Sydney this weekend.
They're paying
for everything,
including
a presidential suite
and first class tickets
for two!
-Elliot--
-Of course I'll go with you!
I've already found
tons of stuff for us
to do in Sydney.
We can take a tour
of the opera house,
we can spend the day
at Bondi Beach...
we can explore
Hugh Jackman's outback,
and if we're lucky,
his down undah.
Hey... Elliot,
can you give us a minute?
I need to talk to Alan.
Fine. I'll go buy us
some sunnies!
That's "sunglasses"
in Aussie.
You're not
coming with me.
Aw, bugger.
-You got my message?
-Yes, and I'm way ahead of you.
I need to undo
my redo of your office,
so... I'm returning
your accent wall
back to its hideous
burnt orange.
That's not why I called.
(exhales)
I kissed my therapist.
Oh, my god,
that is so wrong.
I can't even listen to this.
Tell me everything.
It was so crazy.
In the middle
of our session,
Dr. Rounds got this phone call
that her dog was hit by a car,
-and she was so freaked out--
-That's when you kissed her?
No. She was so upset,
so I drove her to the vet.
That's when
you kissed her?
No. We found out that
her dog was gonna be okay,
and that's when
she kissed me.
Oh, my god, making out
with your therapist?
This is so Prince of Tides.
What?
Streisand, Nolte, rent it.
Never mind, I own it.
-You know you can never
tell Gabi about this.
-Oh, you think?
-This would crush her.
-You think?
Hey, don't be smart-alecky.
I'm trying to help.
You can never
go back to that therapist.
What? I can't start over
with someone new!
I'll be in therapy forever.
Thank god Gabi's not waiting.
Alan, I could not handle
that pressure.
-Hey, guys!
-And that's how
you play baseball, Alan!
Ah.
Hey, uh, Alan, can I talk
to Josh for a minute?
Sure, sure, Gabi.
I'll make myself scarce.
And a nosh.
-Hi.
-Hey.
I made you
your favorite breakfast,
French toast stuffed
with strawberry cream cheese.
-You wanna know why?
-Why?
Because I made a really
big decision about us.
-You did?
-Mm-hmm.
Josh, I'm waiting.
For...
-For... you know...
-Me?
Me? Gabi, no.
Tell me you're not
waiting for me.
Please, tell me
you're not waiting for me.
(laughs)
No! No, I'm not
waiting for you.
I'm waiting for...
um, a completely other person.
A man. I am waiting
for a man who I am dating
because I am not waiting.
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Your ego.
You want some whipped cream
on your French toast?
Okay, gotta go.
(theme music playing)
♪ She in the spotlight
and she turned my head ♪
♪ She'd run a red light
'cause she's bad like that ♪
♪ I like that
ooh, baby ooh, baby ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ I like that
ooh baby ooh baby ♪
(knocking)
-Josh.
-Hi, Dr. Rounds.
Honestly, I didn't know
if you were gonna show up
for your session today.
Yeah, neither did I.
My friend told me not to,
but I felt like we were
making some real progress
before... "the whole thing
with the dog happened."
How is he, by the way?
He's doing okay, thanks.
Josh, I just want to say
what happened the other night
was unprofessional
and will never happen again.
(exhales)
Great, because there is a lot
going on in Joshland.
Well, I'm committed
to helping you
in the most ethical,
objective, and professional way.
(exhales)
So... how was your week?
Well, um... I won an award.
Yeah, I'm flying
to Sydney on Saturday.
Congratulations.
You must be proud.
I am.
But, the thing is,
they gave me this plus one,
and I'm like, "Dammit."
You know, I wish I can
take Gabi, but I can't.
I don't want to lead her on
and make her think that
I'm ready to be with her
when I'm not.
But I wanna be.
She's dating a lot,
and what if I lose her?
What if another guy
falls for her?
She's so amazing
and beautiful and funny.
Okay!
We get it! You like Gabi!
I apologize
for my outburst.
(shakily)
Go on.
Are you crying?
I'm sorry. I am so sorry.
I thought I could be
professional, but I can't.
I know I said that kiss
didn't mean anything,
but it did.
I can't stop
thinking about it.
Did it mean
anything to you?
-Uh...
-Oh, god!
This is so
not professional.
You know what?
I'm gonna give you
the name of a therapist,
and you can continue
your treatment with them
and I'll just...
never see you again.
Okay?
You okay with that?
-Uh...
-You know what?
I am falling apart.
You need to go, Josh.
Unless you wanna stay.
No. No, no.
Go, go. Get out.
Whoo! Those paint fumes
got me feelin' a little sexy.
Come here my little--
Oop, now I'm nauseous.
Do you have any bagels?
How does roast pig sound?
With my cholesterol?
Like suicide.
I'm talking luau
in the backyard
of our AirBnB
on the beach in Maui.
I was thinking,
since Josh is going to be
gone for a week,
how about a little redo
of our honeymoon?
Sweetie, I love that idea,
but I don't have a job.
You know we can't afford
a rental with its own
plunge pool and sweeping views
of a hopefully inactive volcano?
Oh, god, we need
to find a way.
All we need is a third
so we can go splitsies.
But who do we know
who's all alone
and could drop everything
and make vacation plans
with no notice?
Hey!
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
We're gonna be
on that beach
in no time.
And I'm gonna be
on that beach
till she says, "Yes."
Yolanda!
Gabi... look!
Max sent me flowers!
Listen to this.
(clears throat)
"Dear Sofia,
I'm sending you
these flowers
for no reason."
No one has ever
sent me "no reason"
flowers before.
Aww, that's so sweet.
Okay, my turn.
So you were totally
right about Josh.
I told him I was waiting
and he freaked out,
so I told him I was
waiting for a date.
-And guess what
I don't have? A date.
-Oh.
(door opens)
Hey, guys.
Hey, Josh.
Flowers, you ask?
Indeed they are.
Sent to me by none other
than that guy I told you
I was... dating.
-Nice. Have you seen Alan?
-Oh, read you the card, you ask?
Okay.
"Dear Sof-- Gabi...
I'm sending you
these flowers
for no reason."
Oh, heck, I'm not gonna
bore you with the rest.
The point is, I'm dating,
so no pressure for you.
Great. Thanks.
If you see Alan,
tell him I need him.
So, uh... I made it clear
I'm dating, right?
Or should I give
myself a hickey
with the vacuum cleaner?
Gabi said
you needed me?
Remember
how you told me
not to go back
to my therapist?
-I did.
-And?
She told me she has
feelings for me.
(gasps) Demon woman!
I'm gonna report her!
No! No, no, no!
I don't want her
to lose her job.
(gasps)
You like her!
Prince of Tides!
I like Gabi.
Gabi's the one I like.
Alan, this is hell.
I can't go back to therapy,
so I can't get better for Gabi,
but I can't tell Gabi
that I can't go back
'cause she'll ask why,
and then I'll have to tell her
because I kissed my therapist,
which you and I both
agreed I cannot do.
(exhales)
Alan, what are you doing?
Wha-- Oh, my god,
that feels good.
I know. My nana
used to do this
every time I had to
do something sporty.
Josh, listen to me.
This trip to Australia
couldn't come at a better time.
You need to get away,
clear your head,
and come back
and find yourself
a new therapist.
Might I suggest a man?
No. I'm not seeing
any more therapists.
I am officially
done with therapy.
Yes!
That worked fast!
(ding)
Oh, my god,
what took you so long?
You texted me, like,
two minutes ago!
-What are you doing?
-Well, I'm in the middle
of teaching a class.
I have to keep
my heart rate up.
It's fine. Just talk fast.
I turned the lights down
and put on
an extended remix. Go!
It worked, Sofia.
It worked!
What worked?
The me dating,
no pressure thing!
It totally sealed
the deal with Josh!
He's done with therapy!
Oh, my god,
that's so great!
I'm so happy for him!
For him?
What about me?
Don't you know
what this means?
Well, I don't know.
Talk quick 'cause I only have
a minute left
until we do arms.
If he's done
with therapy,
that means he's over
his commitment issues,
which means he's ready
to be with me.
-With me!
-Wow! He said all that?
No, he didn't,
but he's about to,
which is the other reason
I asked you to come up here.
I need to borrow
your Poppin' Pink lip gloss.
-I want our first kiss
back together to be poppin'.
-(ding)
Okay!
Well, I only have
15 seconds left.
-Okay!
-You pop that lip gloss, girl!
Do it, do it, do it!
-Thank you! Bye!
-You look amazing! Bye!
(chuckles)
Alo-hey!
I am so excited
about our trip to Hawaii!
Thanks again
for inviting me.
Oh, it's our pleasure.
Just remember the rule:
Bellinis, not bikinis.
And you remember:
cru-di-tay,
not nu-di-tay.
Ooh, check out
all this stuff
I got on my lunch break.
A hat to keep
the sun out of my eyes
while I'm on
the lido deck...
(chuckles)
and some Dramamine
for my seasickness.
Yolanda, you know
we're flying to Hawaii, right?
Flying?
No, no, no, no, no.
No one said anything
about flying!
We only have
a week off.
If we took a boat,
by the time we got there,
we'd have to
come right back.
Oh. Heh, that makes sense.
I'm out!
You can't back out now!
We already booked the rental!
I'm sorry,
I've never been
on a plane.
And I'm never
gettin' on one.
You do know
there's booze
on planes, right?
You know where else
there's booze?
In my purse!
Right here
on the ground!
Okay, so an acceptance speech
under two minutes
and no kangaroo puns.
But what if
I'm feeling jumpy?
(laughs)
Hello?
-Got your dinner.
-Oh, good.
Okay, well, tonight's menu
features butternut squash soup.
Don't spill it...
unless you want to.
Do you want to?
Spill it, I mean?
Nope.
Too good to spill.
Okay, well,
I'll just be... goin'.
Headin' to the door to...
leave, unless you...
wanna say something.
No? Okay.
All right,
I'm... leaving.
Leaving.
Left.
You know what I thought
would be nice?
A little dessert.
So, I whipped you up
an apple tart tatin.
-That looks delicious.
-You know what they say,
an apple a day
keeps the doctor away.
All kinds of doctors.
Okay, well, bye-bye.
(yawning)
Coffee? Tea?
Pineapple sorbet?
Gabi, why are you
still here?
Just thought
you might have
something to tell me.
Oh! Yeah! I do.
I completely forgot.
-Finally!
-I'm flying to Sydney
tomorrow night.
Oh, my god,
I have waited so...
What?
No, I already know that.
I want new news.
New news! Just say it.
I won an award?
Oh, my god.
Josh, what award?
"The person who waited
the longest to tell Gabi
he's done with therapy" award?
What?
Where did you hear that?
Um... I overheard you
talking with Alan.
Why didn't you tell me?
I've been waiting all night.
Why do you think
I just keep coming in here
like a crazy person?
Do you think I just have
pineapple sorbet lying around?
No, I've been
killing myself out there
to get in here
so you can tell me
that you're done with therapy
and you want to be together.
So, are you ready
or... or not?
-Uh...
-No uh's. I want words.
-Gabi, it's complicated.
-Oh, not those words!
Why is it so complicated?
Either you're done with therapy
and you wanna
be together...
or you're not.
I mean, what's so difficult?
Why can't you tell me?
Gabi...
I, um...
I kissed my therapist.
(sighs)
Gabi... she kissed me.
I didn't kiss her.
It meant nothing.
Oh, really?
If it meant nothing,
then why didn't you tell me?
-Because of this.
-Don't talk to me, okay?
Not one word.
Did you kiss her back?
-Gabi...
-I don't wanna hear it.
Oh, my god...
do you like her?
No, I--
Save it, okay?
I gotta get outta here.
Gabi, wait.
No, Josh.
All I've been doing
is waiting.
Waiting for you
to be with me,
waiting for you to be
finished with therapy,
waiting for you to tell me
you're finished with therapy...
Well, I'm not waiting anymore.
Gabi, are you seriously
just gonna walk away?
I never walked away
from you.
Even after all the stuff
you put me through.
Me? What
did I put you through?
You dated Cooper
when I asked you not to.
You kissed your therapist.
You stood me up
on our first date
and you flew
to Switzerland.
You kissed your therapist!
You kissed my brother!
And after all those things,
I forgave you.
-You can't forgive me
for this one thing.
-(ding)
No. We're done.
-Gabi--
-Done!
God, I wish
the doors would close!
Oh, hey! I'm on
my way to meet Max,
but how did
everything go with Josh?
He kissed his therapist.
I'm not going
on this date, am I?
Okay.
Tell me everything.
What happened?
He kissed his therapist.
The end. Nothing else matters.
So, you did that thing
where you get really mad
and don't let anybody talk
and then you stormed out.
Yup, I did.
-What are you doing?
-I have de-Kaminskied
this apartment,
I have re-Kaminskied
and now, I am
re-de-Kaminski-ing it.
I swear, Sofia,
this is the last time.
That's what you said
two days ago.
Gabi, look, I realize that
Josh kissing his therapist
is a complete betrayal,
and you have every right
to be furious, but--
No! No buts!
As soon as you say "but,"
that means you're
taking his side.
-All I'm saying--
-Saying "all I'm saying"
is taking his side too.
Listen, just go
on your date, okay?
I'm not ready to talk
calmly about this.
I am so pissed,
and I don't want you
to talk me out of it.
-Fine. I will leave you alone.
-Thank you.
-Can I just say one more thing?
-No.
You have found
your one in a million guy.
I would give anything
to know who mine is.
And if I ever found him,
I'd never let him go.
-(door closes)
-(clang)
And hey, this is in no way
me telling you what to do,
but just in case,
here's my lip gloss.
Thank you.
Oh, my god,
what are you doing here?
Coming with you
to Sydney!
Oh god, this is
a huge mistake.
I don't know
what I was thinking
buying a ticket
to surprise you.
I never do anything
spontaneous.
Now I know why!
-I'm gonna go.
-Wait.
Gabi and I are over.
She found out about our kiss
and ended things for good.
You okay?
Not really.
Wanna talk about it?
(baby crying)
(sighs)
Okay...
Poppin' Pink lips. Check.
Here goes everything.
Okay.
I can't get over it.
You're telling me
this whole thing is fake?
Yes. It's a simulation.
It's the latest
and most intensive
therapeutic technique
available to help people
get over their fear
of flying.
And it was very expensive,
but you're worth it, Fro-Yo.
I can't believe you made me
pack my bags too.
It's all part
of the process.
So everyone on here
is afraid of flying,
just like me?
Not all of them.
-A few of them are actors.
-(gasps)
You know,
to make it seem real.
Well, damn.
They really go all out.
(engine starts)
(gasps)
What's that?
Have they started the plane?
No, no, no.
It's just a sound effect.
-(exhaling)
-Okay, Yolanda, time
for your fake Valium.
Yolanda:
This all seems so real.
Elliot:
Wait'll you see how real
they make Hawaii look.